Bnke0x0

medium

# ERC4626 does not work with fee-on-transfer tokens

## Summary

## Vulnerability Detail

## Impact
The ERC4626Upgradeable.deposit/mint functions do not work well with fee-on-transfer tokens as the assets variable is the pre-fee amount, including the fee, whereas the totalAssets do not include the fee anymore.

## Code Snippet
This can be abused to mint more shares than desired.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-rage-trade/blob/main/dn-gmx-vaults/contracts/ERC4626/ERC4626Upgradeable.sol#L59-L71


       '    function deposit(uint256 assets, address receiver) public virtual returns (uint256 shares) {
        // Check for rounding error since we round down in previewDeposit.
        require((shares = previewDeposit(assets)) != 0, 'ZERO_SHARES');

        // Need to transfer before minting or ERC777s could reenter.
        IERC20Metadata(asset).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), assets);

        _mint(receiver, shares);

        emit Deposit(msg.sender, receiver, assets, shares);

        afterDeposit(assets, shares, receiver);
    }'

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
assets should be the amount excluding the fee, i.e., the amount the contract actually received.
This can be done by subtracting the pre-contract balance from the post-contract balance.
However, this would create another issue with ERC777 tokens.

Maybe `previewDeposit` should be overwritten by vaults supporting fee-on-transfer tokens to predict the post-fee assets. And do the shares computation on that, but then the `afterDeposit` is still called with the original assets and implementers need to be aware of this.
