tives

medium

# GMX reenters the deposit function

## Summary

In the very unlikely case of GMX breach, they could reenter the `DnGmxJuniorVault.deposit` function from `rewardRouter.mintAndStakeGlp` and drain the vault from USDC.

## Vulnerability Detail

After calling `DnGmxJuniorVault.deposit`,  you call `DnGmxJuniorVaultManager._rebalanceProfit`, in which `state.dnUsdcDeposited` is set after buying GLP.

```solidity
_convertAUsdcToAsset(state, uint256(state.dnUsdcDeposited - borrowVal));
state.dnUsdcDeposited = borrowVal;
```
This is a problem, because `state.dnUsdcDeposited` is used to calculate the USDC conversion amount.

[link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-rage-trade/blob/main/dn-gmx-vaults/contracts/libraries/DnGmxJuniorVaultManager.sol/#L326)

_convertAUsdcToAsset buys GLP with usdc

```solidity
function _convertAUsdcToAsset(State storage state, uint256 amount) internal {
	uint256 glpReceived = state.batchingManager.depositToken(address(state.usdc), amount, usdgAmount);
```

In `batchingManager.depositToken`, you call `glpStaked = _stakeGlp(token, amount, minUSDG);`, which calls `rewardRouter.mintAndStakeGlp(token, amount, minUSDG, 0);`

[link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-rage-trade/blob/main/dn-gmx-vaults/contracts/vaults/DnGmxBatchingManager.sol/#L337)

`RewardRouter` is an external GMX contract, which could now reenter the `DnGmxJuniorVault.deposit` function.

Since the `state.dnUsdcDeposited = borrowVal;` is set after `_convertAUsdcToAsset(state, uint256(state.dnUsdcDeposited - borrowVal));`, then GMX can drain all of the USDC from the JuniorVault.

## Impact

All USDC drained from `DnGmxJuniorVault.deposit`. 

## Code Snippet

In PoC

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add reentrancyGuard to the `DnGmxJuniorVault.deposit` function.

### Note

If GMX is breached, then you might have even bigger problems. However, mitigation for this specific issue is easy and could be considered.
