keccak123

medium

# No access control on external receiveFlashLoan

## Summary

`receiveFlashLoan` in the junior value has two access control modifiers and calls `receiveFlashLoan` in the junior vault manager. In contract, `receiveFlashLoan` in the junior vault manager can be called by any user because it is an external function with no access control modifiers. Because of this, unexpected edge cases can be encountered, with a loss of value in an extreme case.

## Vulnerability Detail

`receiveFlashLoan` in the junior vault is intended to be called in a callback from Balancer when a flashloan is taken out. This is why it has `onlyBalancerVault` and `whenFlashloaned` modifiers. But the function that it calls, `receiveFlashLoan` in the junior vault manager, has no protection from unauthorized calls. Any user can call `receiveFlashLoan` with arbitrary inputs.

For one example, take line 947 in the junior vault manager
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-rage-trade/blob/main/dn-gmx-vaults/contracts/libraries/DnGmxJuniorVaultManager.sol#L947
```solidity
IERC20(token).transfer(address(state.balancerVault), amountWithPremium);
```

Every single variable in this line of code is controlled by user input into the `receiveFlashLoan`. In the worst case, a malicious call to `receiveFlashLoan` in the junior vault manager can trigger a transfer of funds.

## Impact

Hypothetical loss of user funds though the exact exploit path was not worked out.

## Code Snippet

`receiveFlashLoan` in junior vault calls the junior vault manager version of the function. This line of code is only reached after checks from two separate function modifiers
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-rage-trade/blob/main/dn-gmx-vaults/contracts/vaults/DnGmxJuniorVault.sol#L462

`receiveFlashLoan` in the junior vault manager is defined on line 736. This function has no access control modifiers and can be called by anyone
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-rage-trade/blob/main/dn-gmx-vaults/contracts/libraries/DnGmxJuniorVaultManager.sol#L736

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Protect `receiveFlashLoan` in the junior vault manager with access control so that only the junior vault can call it. One way to do this is by making the function internal.